README.md, before:

# Project Name
Lab 06 - Node, npm, and Express

**Author**: Nick Abramowicz
**Version**: 1.1.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.

12-07-2020 2:00pm - Created Repository 
12-07-2020 3:00pm - Created need configurations and files needed for fully functionable deployed page on Heroku.
12-07-2020 4:25pm - Created a route with a method of get.
12-07-2020 4:45pm - Created a constructor function.
12-07-2020 5:15pm - Returned an object which contained neccessary information for correct client rendering.
12-07-2020 5:20pm - Depoyed updated express server to Heroku.
12-08-2020 2:00pm - Created route with a method of get d path of /weather
12-08-2020 2:30pm - Created constructor function for weather route.
12-08-2020 3:00pm - Returned an array of objects.
12-08-2020 3:10pm - deployed updated to Heroku.
12-08-2020 9:00pm - Created geocode API.
12-08-2020 10:00pm - Created weather API.
12-09-2020 2:40pm - Created Trails API.


## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->

Commit message:

created pg and sql to check database for location data

README.md, after:

# Project Name
Lab 06 - Node, npm, and Express

**Author**: Nick Abramowicz
**Version**: 1.1.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.

12-07-2020 2:00pm - Created Repository 
12-07-2020 3:00pm - Created need configurations and files needed for fully functionable deployed page on Heroku.
12-07-2020 4:25pm - Created a route with a method of get.
12-07-2020 4:45pm - Created a constructor function.
12-07-2020 5:15pm - Returned an object which contained neccessary information for correct client rendering.
12-07-2020 5:20pm - Depoyed updated express server to Heroku.
12-08-2020 2:00pm - Created route with a method of get d path of /weather
12-08-2020 2:30pm - Created constructor function for weather route.
12-08-2020 3:00pm - Returned an array of objects.
12-08-2020 3:10pm - deployed updated to Heroku.
12-08-2020 9:00pm - Created geocode API.
12-08-2020 10:00pm - Created weather API.
12-09-2020 2:40pm - Created Trails API.
12-09-2020 3:30pm - Installed pg and created Database with env to my server.


## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->
